it was like they always say your life
really does flash before your eyes there
it all was stretching back to my
childhood born into a family of master
thieves that went back four generations
I was next in line to continue the
Cooper name
but fate had different plans I was
robbed of my childhood when a ruthless
gang attacked our home the orphanage I
landed in wasn't all bad he was there
that I met my lifelong friends Bentley
he's always been the thinker and Murray
he's the doer we'd stuck together over
the years and our skill or confidence
and our thieving reputation grew
stronger with each heist we thought that
the good times would never end and that
our luck would never run out which only
made things tougher when the odds
finally caught up with us then I met
this guy mcsweeney who claimed to have
run with my father's crew back in their
heyday they pulled jobs all over the
world and amassed quite a collection of
priceless items it was then that
McSweeney told me all about the cooper
vault it seemed that my father like all
my ancestors had been hiding their
wealth in a secret place for generations
each one adding to the treasure hidden
behind a door that if McSweeney's story
is true only if Cooper can open
using some well-placed clues provided by
McSweeney we set out for the secret
island that held the vault on arriving
we discovered someone by the name of dr.
M had already set up shop from the looks
of it he been trying to crack the thing
for years going steadily more frustrated
in his failures and more paranoid as the
decades will buy he built himself a
fortress with security as tight as Fort
Knox getting inside the place would take
precision creativity and moreover it
would take an army of world-class
thieves finding and bringing together
that much talent won't be easy but to
get inside the Cooper vault and collect
my inheritance I was willing to pay the
price